hey guys and thanks for watching just
for fun 290 today we're opening up chase
Boulder heatwave and blades from
transformers RESCUE BOTS first let's
open up heatwave the fire bot
so here's heatwave the fire BOTS
his arms and legs can move and his head
can turn from side to side and he can
open up to fit a figure inside
you
the next one we're going to be opening
up is Boulder the construction bot
all right this is Boulder the
construction bot he looks awesome
like oh there's always little gadgets
back here
his arms and legs can also move and his
head can turn from side to side too
he can also fit a figure inside let's
put her in the car you can see her
through there too
next let's open up blades the flight bot
he even has a propeller on the back
and the last one we're going to open up
is chase the police bot
all the rescue bots are ready to go
rescue bots we have an emergency there's
a fire at the fire station there's a
problem at the construction site there's
a flood and people need to be airlifted
out of there let's go thanks for
watching and be sure to LIKE comment and
subscribe
we'll see you next time bye
you